README.md, before:

# jwtGenerator
Microservice running on the same server which generates a valid JSON Web Token

I originally designed this to be used by FileMaker Server applications, but this can really be used by anything.

##

This will take in a base64 encoded claim, and a base64 encoded secret key and then return a valid jwt to pass into your service of choice. 
The 'jsonwebtoken' library automatically generates the header, so all you need is the claim and the key.

##
You will need to have this running on an unused port and access it through the url 

localhost:{port}?
  payload={base64 encoded claim}
  &secret={base64 encoded private key}
  
##
It was initially intended to be used on the machine calling it locally. Passing private key information over the web is not recommended. If someone can think of a way to  do this safely, then be my guest to change this code. Otherwise, I'll leave it here.

You'll need to create some kind of shell script to make sure this service is running when the server is rebooted.

Commit message:

Updated the intention of this script

README.md, after:

# jwtGenerator
Microservice running on the same server which generates a valid JSON Web Token

I originally designed this to be used by FileMaker Server applications, but this can really be used by anything.

My idea was to have a FileMaker database that had all of the API keys and setup for an easier time setting up FileMaker to interact with specific API's. Then use this as a server side script that the app could call to generate valid JWT's.
##

This will take in a base64 encoded claim, and a base64 encoded secret key and then return a valid jwt to pass into your service of choice. 
The 'jsonwebtoken' library automatically generates the header, so all you need is the claim and the key.

##
You will need to have this running on an unused port and access it through the url 

localhost:{port}?
  payload={base64 encoded claim}
  &secret={base64 encoded private key}
  
##
It was initially intended to be used on the machine calling it locally. Passing private key information over the web is not recommended. If someone can think of a way to  do this safely, then be my guest to change this code. Otherwise, I'll leave it here.

You'll need to create some kind of shell script to make sure this service is running when the server is rebooted.
